## Development Document
**Monday, 11/14 - Friday, 11/19**
This week, we took on the task of pre-project research. We dove into our dataset, and deliberated on how to analyze our data. We decided that we would be creating a Node struct, and will be populating member variables for each feature that the node has. From there, we will create our graph using an adjacency list. This is becuase, based on our initial skim through our dataset, our graph will be sparse, and will not require the optimizations that are associated with an adjacency matrix and dense graphs. This graph will hold our dataset in a traversable format. We were going to start developing this week, but we were confused on how to get the project started with a C++ environment. We will either make a clone of one of the MPs, or we will go to office hours to see how other groups are approaching this problem.

**Monday, 11/22 - Friday, 11/26**
This week, we started the actual coding. After looking over our notes on how we wanted to structure our data, we decided to set up the Node class, make our MakeFile, and set up a csv_reader class. The creation of the makefile took longer than expected because it was a new concept to us, so we spent a lot of our coding time this week on debugging the makefile. The Node class was pretty simple to create. For the csv_reader class, we decided to use a namespace instead of a class, because it makes no sense to instantiate an object that just reads a file into our C++ POJO (POCO?? lol). The next steps for us is to create a Graph class that can hold the data after our csv_reader reads in the data. We hope to stub out the graph class in the following week. This next week will have less progress because all of us have midterms and other final projects due this week. We anticipate to get a lot of the work done over next weekend. 

**Monday, 11/28 - Friday, 12/3**
This week, we planned the graph class and how to read in our data from the previously commented out CSV reader. We are now fully implementing the Node class and will begin implementing the BFS algorithm towards the end of the graph class. We had roadblocks intially getting the CSV reader to compile, and pass the test file we had custom created. We started to comment the reader out one by one and debugged. Tommorrow after our meeting, we plan to complete the graph class and implement the Djikstras algorithm to find the shortest path for the initial graph we create. After which, we want to also start programming for the final week a Eulerian algorithm for our additional path-finding algorithm. This will be completed by the end of next week, after which we will start possible implementation of a data visualizer. 

